= node.rb

Embeds a Ruby interpreter (www.ruby-lang.org) into Node.js (www.nodejs.org) for your coding pleasure.

== DISCLAIMER

You should be aware that this doesn't yet work. I'm still programming it. In the spirit of behavior-driven development,
I try to write at least a draft of the readme before I write the code. This helps guide the direction of the code.
While I will try to make the gem work as closely to the following examples as possible, this is a very fluid process
and the end result may or may not match. Also, as you may have guessed, since it's not all written yet, you can't
actually _use_ it yet. Feel free to look at the code but keep in mind that it's unfinished.

== Installation

  gem install node.rb

== Usage

To create a Ruby context within your node.js application, do so like this:

  var ruby = require('ruby');
  ruby.eval('p 1+1');

== Execution

For your convenience, the node.rb gem ships with an executable so that you can just:
  node-rb filename.js

To execute with the stock node.js executable:
  NODE_PATH=$NODE_PATH:path/to/node.rb node filename.js

NODE_PATH is a standard option in node.js and is a simple environment variable. That means you can do this:

  export NODE_PATH=$NODE_PATH:path/to/node.rb
  node filename.js

And finally, though I'm not sure why you'd want to do this, you can invoke Node from within Ruby:

  require 'node-rb'
  n = Node.new("path/to/javascript.js")
  n.run

That's roughly equivalent to running the node-rb command directly.

== Roadmap

There are plans to expose Node to Ruby and vice versa so that objects can travel between the two contexts,
but that's not available at this time.

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Colin MacKenzie IV. See LICENSE for details.
